FWE pt 2 - Working with data (#12150)
flutter/website: src/content/tutorial/state/4-listenable-builder.md

    return Scaffold(
      appBar: AppBar(
        title: const Text('Wikipedia Flutter'),
        actions: [],
      ),
      body: ListenableBuilder(
        listenable: viewModel,
        builder: (context, child) {
          return switch ((
            viewModel.loading,
            viewModel.summary,
            viewModel.errorMessage,
          )) {
            (true, _, _) => CircularProgressIndicator(),
            (false, _, String message) => Center(child: Text(message)),
            (false, null, null) => Center(
              child: Text('An unknown error has occurred'),
            ),
            // summary must be non-null in this swich case
            (false, Summary _, null) => ArticlePage(
              summary: viewModel.summary!,
              onPressed: viewModel.getRandomArticleSummary,
            ),
          };
        },
      ),
    );
  }
}
```

This is an excellent example of how a declarative, reactive framework
like Flutter and a pattern like MVVM work together: The UI is rendered
based on the state, and updates when a state changes demands it, but
it doesn't manage any state or the process of updating itself. The

> business logic and rendering are completely separate from eachother.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
business logic and rendering are completely separate from each other.
```
